---
title:= NFL_Training_Camp_Blog
date: 2025-02-16
categories: default
tags: getting_started
---
I was in the NFL combine. There were 4 other QB’s in my group, Zach Martin, Baily Jones, Tyler Shough, and Rael Cunningham. Tyler was the only contest to me, but I thought I could beat him to a better record. First up was the 40-YD dash, I crushed this one. Tyler came in second. Next was the bench press. I got 23 reps but Tyler got 25. It was back and forth in every single one. The last one was the deep rout passing. The winner of this would win the better record. I made 7/8 passes. Next up was Tyler, he made an even 7/8 passes too. We tied. Tyler and I shook hands and he whispered this to me: “See you in the NFL,”. Anything could happen on draft night. Even I could be undrafted! It was draft night; I was with my family at our home in Kansas City. We were on the couch ready to watch the draft. I got a phone call. “Hey Aiden, we want you here in Tampa Bay! You like that?” said coach Bowls. I couldn’t believe my ears, I got to be drafted to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers! “Of course, Coach Bowls!” I replied. Then he hung up. I didn’t tell my family. I just told them it was an agent seeing if I was going to go free agent if I wasn’t drafted. Their excitedness faded. My joke worked. Then I was up to get some water. I heard screams and shrieks! “AIDEN!!! YOU GOT DRAFTED!!!” said my mom. “By the Buccaneers!!! They’re so good!” But what if Leroy Rory starts?” I asked. my mom realized it. “Well, at least you’re on a team,” said my dad. But then I heard Roger Goodell say this: “And for the 20th pick of the 2025 NFL draft the Tampa Bay Buccaneers would like to select Tyler Shough. The rookie out of Louisville,” “Wait… what?” said my mom. “H… how did?” said my dad.” I don’t know” I said. Let me search it up. “WAIT!!! WAIT!!! MOM DAD, LOOK AT THIS!!!” they both gasped. Leyroy Rory was traded to the Broncos for the 20th pick. “So, you’ll get to start!” exclaimed my dad. “10-4” I replied. We called all of my friends. Especially the ones who moved to Tampa. One of my closest friends got season tickets on our side! This was easily the best day of my life.

        It was week one of the regular season. Coach Bowls made us a deal. I’d get to play 9 games and Tyler’s getting to play 8 games. At the end of the season, we were 15-2. We were the best in the NFC. The KC chiefs were 16-1, so they were the best in the whole league. We got the first-round bye. So did the Chiefs. The Carlena Panthers were 10-7, they were horrible last year. 3-14. So, this bounce back had Panthers fans on their toes. The New Orleans Saints also made the playoffs with an 11- 6 record. They also bounced back a bit. After all of the teams that didn’t have the bye played, I found out that we were playing the Eagles. Jack Fox, Cris Bell, and AJ Hamilton were going to be a tough team to play. It was gameday, 6:30 Saturday Divisional round game. Tyler was getting to play the first half, and I was going to get to play second. I liked being on the bench cheering the team I’m normally telling what to do. At halftime the score was 17-21 Eagles. We flooded into the locker room. It was a long game, both defenses were holding up amazingly. I just couldn’t wait to get on the field. I heard the crowd chant “COME OUT BUCS!!! COME OUT BUCS!!!” that’s when I knew we had to come out. After the crowd stopped chanting, we got onto the field. I heard my best WR JJ Pettersen ask me “Can we run the reverse pass?” “Only when we need it,” I replied. After the courter was over, I was beaten up, Tyler asked how I was doing and I replied “I needed them to sack me so I was in the game,”. The score was 35-28 Eagles, we were at our own 41-YD line. We marched down the field, to the 13, with 1:53 to go in the game. I hiked the ball, saw the opening, ran for it. Dove for the endzone. TOUCHDOWN!!! The Eagles tried to come back but they couldn’t. We won, NFC Championship here we come. It was an 8:45 O’clock game, the fans were hipped. I got to start the game, but the first snap I played, the worst thing ever happened to me. I got sacked, on my elbow, I felt horrible. The referee time outed for me. The training staff came on the field, the crowd went silent. I went into the locker room. The training staff said I fractured elbow. I just hope we can win. I had to go to the hospital just to get it checked on. I got a call in the morning by Coach Bowls, “Hey kid, I have great news,” “What is it?” I asked. “We won and you can get your cast off 6 days before Super Bowl!!!” I couldn’t believe my ears; I was getting to play in Super Bowl. It was the day I get my cast off, I was driving to the hospital when I got a call from Our owner. He said that the Super Bowl is no longer in Minnesota. It was moved to Arizona, the Cardinals stadium. We had to go from Minneapolis all the way to Arizona! Most of the flights to Arizona weren’t direct so I thought I wouldn’t make it, but later that night when I was looking at flights Coach Bowls texted me this: “Get your stuff Aiden! We leave for Arizona at 9:00 tomorrow. In a private Jet!”. I forgot that since I’m some crazy good NFL player I get to ride in private jets! I was driving to the airport when my Coach called, “Hey, remember to park at the verandah!” I almost forgot. I got to the jet; the ride was awesome. I even had my own personal servant! We arrived at 9:30 AM, I asked the Coach how this was possible but he reminded me about the time zone change. 

          It was Super Bowl 71 gameday. I felt the crowd cheering “Bucs VS Chiefs!!!” I ran out onto the field my fans chanted my name. Now this would be the best day of my life! Tyler said “great to have you back, Aiden,”. This was not going to be an easy game! Tyler played amazing in the first half; he put up 24 points. But the Chiefs were also clicking, 28 points! I heard Coach Bowls talking to Tyler and he said this, “Good job Tyler, if you didn’t put up those points your contract wouldn’t be extended!”. I couldn’t believe it, Tyler getting cut! Now that’s just made up. Tyler’s almost better than me; and he almost got cut! That’s insane!!! I was scared to play if my contract might be on the line; It the was the end of the 3rd quarter. 35-38 Chiefs. We had an injury, Chucky Martin our best HB dislocated his elbow. The trainer said he’d be back in 5 minutes which was awesome considering there were time outs and incomplete passes. But 5 minutes was still bad, we had no backups. So, we had to have Tyler run since he was our best mobile player we had. I thought it was fun with him out there, and we started to be a dangerous duo. With me throwing to him he actually juked out a few players. Now Chucky was back in so Tyler went off; But then our worst WR Jayden Thomson got his knee broken so Tyler came in. I heard Coach Bowls say to him “You can slide, I don’t want you hurt,”. I told Tyler I’d try not to force it to him but he told me to pass to him as much as I wanted. It was a critical 3rd and 7 with 3:43 left to go in the game. I told everyone the play, “Pirate Swab” I pretended to audible and came up to the line. Chucky Martin took the snap, he tosses it backwards to Tyler, he threw it to me for the 1st down. Our play worked! The “Pirate Swab” worked to perfection! But soon after the play clock hit 7 SECONDS LEFT TO GO IN THE GAME AND IT WAS 4th DOWN!!! I said to JJ, “This is your play,” he knew it. I said to the team “Throw Ye Overboard”. I took the snap threw it backwards to JJ, he heaved it to Tyler. HE WAS OPEN DOWNFIELD!!! TOUCHDOWN!!! WE WON THE GAME!!! SUPER BOWL 71 IS OURS!!! All I could hear that night was my teammates screaming below me. “WE WON WE WON WE WON!!!” I could hear JJ yelling. Tyler was in my hotel room; we were both exhausted. We looked at each other, We giggled. I couldn’t wait to get back to Tampa Bay for the Super Bowl parade. Now today was the best day of my life. With a bit of contest from the day I got drafted, but not much!

             The next morning, I was sitting at a table eating breakfast. When all my teammates took me to the outdoor pool and threw me in as celebration. On the plane ride home Tyler sat next to me. We were best friends now, all that fighting in the combine was all for one pick 19th or 20th. We talked about the Super Bowl. How he loved WR and HB. But his heart was always at QB. We were back in TB and it was hot. Very, very, very hot. 93F no one went to the outdoor pool today; they all went to the ice baths. I realized that there was this fan that came every day just to get an autograph. I felt bad, he’d run up and down our hill just to get to the autographs line. I told my teammates and they said, “Yeah, lets do it. He’ll be ecstatic!” so we went over to him and he was a CRAZY big fan. He even had me painted on his walls. I don’t know how I know that but, that kind of creeps me out. Well, it was the start of a new season so I guess this is the end.




                                                                                                   



   well, I hope you liked this blog post. Have a good day ~A.J.G 